now we are ready to start listen
carefully you will hear the recording
twice today I'm going to talk to Martin
Carter who is going to make a rather
special journey Martin tell us what
you're going to do my plan is to fly
around the world in a balloon I made a
similar trip last August but it wasn't
successful so I'm going to try again in
winter the winds are best then and there
are fewer thunderstorms in December and
January I'll probably leave in January I
don't know the exact date yet
are you using a similar balloon this
time I found last time I didn't have
enough fuel to cross the Pacific so I
had to land in India my new balloon is
larger so I can take more fuel with me
it will make a depletes heavier but I'll
be able to fly further what do you find
most difficult on a long flight well the
last time I spent a lot of time talking
on the radio because of that I only got
2 hours sleep a day which isn't enough
that was a real problem for me so this
time I missed a less time on the radio
and get more sleep the food is horrible
but it keeps me alive and it's not for
long so I don't mind I heard that you're
taking several books to read is that a
joke on my first trip I took some books
with me but I never opened them any
space I have I'll fill with maps and I
need room for my sleeping bag of course
that's a very important item why do you
do it what do you like about it it's
very peaceful and quiet up there but to
be honest I don't really like being on
my own I like other people too much but
it's all worth it when I look down the
Oh
and the mountains the world looks so
perfect and I loved flying over the
Sahara Desert well we wish you good luck
and what about the future as you know my
adventures started in a boat and I've
already sailed across the Atlantic on my
own
I can't fly